I put a picture on Instagram actually
that's what's blowing up right now my
phone so i thought i would do like a
little unboxing for you guys pink um
tissue rat comes with a few little extra
goodies this is a sticker also comes
with another sticker oh and I also got
this that stay just a little something
from Sierra this is cute so that came
for free and this is my cleaner I'm with
a divider I love this it says a goal is
a dream with the deadline oh my gosh
that is so cute and on the back it has a
little pattern this is the front of my
planner opted to go with the regular
planner in just the rainbow print and I
got my first and middle name and I got
my beautiful life 2014 so you can get
two lines of whatever text you want so
this is what it looks like on the inside
what is this mmm it looks like there's
like a little pouch for your well
whatever you want to keep in here
stickers they gave to me for free that's
cute stickers with my name on it I also
went to the dollar store and I bought um
some accessories um to go with it and to
help me stay organized just like some
sticky notes um stickers pens markers
paper clips
whatever you call these flags flags this
has literally saved my life this is how
I stay organized lately April calendar
after the month of April and then every
day I just write tons of stuff in
shopping list and here is my month of
May that I've already started this is
for notes and I have like a health and
fitness and shopping list video request
video ideas miscellaneous but here you
can put contacts I don't really use that
there's little stickers in here that you
can use to put different places it's
pretty cool it's got pockets and that is
pretty much how I stay organized is my
planner and my ipad mini I cannot live
without these for real for real do you
have a coupon code that anyone can get
when they sign up um I was able to get
this for cheaper because I use somebody
else's coupon code so whenever you sign
up they give you a link to where you can
get ten dollars off and right now I
believe they're having a sale on them so
uh yeah I will leave that link below for
you guys but yeah that's it up for my
what's on my iPad video and my little
plainer I hope you guys liked it and I
will see you next video
yeah I've been waiting all day for your
bed